Docs 8954 key rotation (#98)
mulesoft/docs-access-management: modules/ROOT/pages/managing-users.adoc

== Prerequisites

* Your Anypoint Platform organization must be set up as your audience.

> * The assertion consumer service must be set to send a `POST` request to `+https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/accounts/login/:org-domain/providers/:providerId/receive-id+`.

Reviewer: can we add a note that the providerId is available only after the provider configuration is created? since it's in the prerequisite section I wouldn't want it to cause confusion

Author: ```suggestion
* The assertion consumer service must be set to send a `POST` request to `+https://anypoint.mulesoft.com/accounts/login/:org-domain/providers/:providerId/receive-id+`. +
Note that `:providerId` is available only after you create the provider configuration.
```

+
. Click *Create*.
+
. Sign out of Anypoint Platform, navigate to the sign-on URL you entered in the *Identity Management SAML 2.0* form, and then sign in through your identity provider to test the configuration.

== Rotate a SAML Key

> As a security best practice, many organizations rotate the key used to encrypt SAML 2.0 assertions. With the Key Rotation feature, Anypoint Platform can generate a new key, or you can upload a public and private key pair (up to three).

Author: ```suggestion
As a security best practice, many organizations rotate the key used to encrypt SAML 2.0 assertions. With the Key Rotation feature, Anypoint Platform can generate a new key, or you can upload a public and private key pair (up to three keys). When you want to rotate a key, you can designate a new _primary key_ in Anypoint Platform and your IdP, and you can revoke the obsolete key to remove it from the rotation. 
```

The keys that you create or upload to Anypoint Platform must also exist in your IdP. All keys present in Anypoint Platform can decrypt SAML 2.0 assertions sent by your IdP. However, only the primary key is used by Anypoint Platform to sign SAML 2.0 AuthnRequests and SLO requests; the primary key must be configured in your IdP to validate the signatures.

> If you are migrating from the default Anypoint Platform SSO certificate to a new certificate, you must update the Assertion Consumer Service (ACS) URL in your IdP. Only the new ACS URL supports the keys generated by the key rotation feature. If your ACS URL already follows the pattern of `.../accounts/login/:org-domain/providers/:providerId/receive-id`, you do not need to change the ACS URL.

Author: ```suggestion
[NOTE]
If you are migrating from the default Anypoint Platform SSO certificate to a new certificate, you must update the Assertion Consumer Service (ACS) URL in your IdP. Only the new ACS URL supports the keys generated by the key rotation feature. If your ACS URL already follows the pattern of `.../accounts/login/:org-domain/providers/:providerId/receive-id`, you do not need to change the ACS URL.
```

+
. Click *Create*.
+
. Sign out of Anypoint Platform, navigate to the sign-on URL you entered in the *Identity Management SAML 2.0* form, and then sign in through your identity provider to test the configuration.

== Rotate a SAML Key

> As a security best practice, many organizations rotate the key used to encrypt SAML 2.0 assertions. With the Key Rotation feature, Anypoint Platform can generate a new key, or you can upload a public and private key pair (up to three keys). When you want to rotate a key, you can designate a new _primary key_ in Anypoint Platform and your IdP, and you can revoke the obsolete key to remove it from the rotation. 

Reviewer 2: for consistent caps, don't cap Key Rotation here? If you choose to change, ping me directly for re-re-approval.

+
. Sign out of Anypoint Platform, navigate to the sign-on URL you entered in the *Identity Management SAML 2.0* form, then sign in through your identity provider to test the configuration.

== Rotate a SAML Key

> If your IdP supports multiple keys, you can rotate keys to seamlessly retire keys that have been in use for an extended period of time.

Reviewer 3: "As a security best practice, many organizations like to rotate the key used to encrypt SAML 2.0 assertions.  With the key rotation feature, Anypoint Platform can generate a new key, or you can upload a public and private key pair (up to 3).  

After you've added a new key to Anypoint Platform, you must ensure it exists in your IdP.   All keys present in Anypoint Platform will be used to decrypt SAML 2.0 assertions sent by your IdP.  However, only the `primary` key will be used by Anypoint Platform to sign SAML 2.0 AuthnRequests and SLO requests and must be configured in your IdP to validate the signatures.

If you are migrating from the default Anypoint Platform SSO certificate to a new certificate, you must update the Assertion Consumer Service (ACS) URL in your IdP.  Only the new ACS URL supports the keys generated by the key rotation feature. If your ACS URL already follows the pattern of `.../accounts/login/:org-domain/providers/:providerId/receive-id`, you do not need to change it."

To prevent service disruptions, ensure your IdP has an active key when you change your key configurations.

=== Generate a Key

Anypoint Platform can create a key for you to use with your IdP.

. In Anypoint Platform, sign in as a user with the Organization Administrator permission.
. In *Management Center*, click *Access Management*.
. In the navigation menu on the left, click *Identity Providers*.
. Next to a SAML 2.0 IdP, click *Edit*.
. Click the *Anypoint Keys* tab.
. Click *+ New key*, and select *Generate*. +
A newly generated key appears in the list of keys.

=== Upload a Key

You can upload an existing public and private key pair.

. In Anypoint Platform, sign in as a user with the Organization Administrator permission.
. In *Management Center*, click *Access Management*.
. In the navigation menu on the left, click *Identity Providers*.
. Next to a SAML 2.0 IdP, click *Edit*.
. Click the *Anypoint Keys* tab.
. Click *+ New key*, and select *Upload*.
. In the *Private key* field, paste your private key.
. In the *Public key* field, paste your certificate.
. Click *Upload*. +
The key you uploaded appears in the list of keys.

> === Change the Primary Key

Reviewer: ~~we also added a different warning to the flow when rotating the default certificate (only relevant to existing idp configurations) 
do` we want to give mention to this scenario in the docs?~~
I see Jon already mentioned this in his comment

Reviewer: also reminds me, shall we update all existing `.../accounts/login/receive-id` acs url references?
@jbyrum

Reviewer 3: Yes!

Reviewer: 👍 I found references in [saml-bearer-token](https://github.com/mulesoft/docs-access-management/blob/latest/modules/ROOT/pages/saml-bearer-token.adoc) and [managing-users](https://github.com/mulesoft/docs-access-management/blob/latest/modules/ROOT/pages/managing-users.adoc)

Because you can use up to 3 keys with Anypoint Platform, you can designate a _primary key_ to be used for signature verification between the IdP and Anypoint Platform.
Before reassigning the primary key, ensure your IdP can access the key that you intend to use.

. In Anypoint Platform, sign in as a user with the Organization Administrator permission.
. In *Management Center*, click *Access Management*.
. In the navigation menu on the left, click *Identity Providers*.
. Next to a SAML 2.0 IdP, click *Edit*.
. Click the *Anypoint Keys* tab.

> . Next to the key that you want to revoke, click *...* and select *Use as primary key...*.

Reviewer: should be the key you want to make primary, not revoke

Author: ```suggestion
. Next to the key that you want to make primary, click *...* and select *Use as primary key...*.
```

. Click *Apply*.

=== Revoke a Key

> When a key is compromised, you can revoke it and use another key.

Reviewer 3: Rotating keys is a security best practice -- it doesn't necessarily have to be comprised

Author: Do you typically revoke a key after it's rotated out (as a best practice)?

Reviewer 3: Yes

Author: ```suggestion
As a best practice, revoke a key that you have already used as the primary key.
```

+

> . Sign out of Anypoint Platform, navigate to the sign-on URL you entered in the *Identity Management SAML 2.0* form, then sign in through your identity provider to test the configuration.

Reviewer 4: Just noticed....
```suggestion
. Sign out of Anypoint Platform, navigate to the sign-on URL you entered in the *Identity Management SAML 2.0* form, and then sign in through your identity provider to test the configuration.
```

== Rotate a SAML Key

> As a security best practice, many organizations rotate the key used to encrypt SAML 2.0 assertions. With the Key Rotation feature, Anypoint Platform can generate a new key, or you can upload a public and private key pair (up to 3).

Reviewer 4: See style ref. "numbers vs. numerals"
```suggestion
As a security best practice, many organizations rotate the key used to encrypt SAML 2.0 assertions. With the Key Rotation feature, Anypoint Platform can generate a new key, or you can upload a public and private key pair (up to three).
```

> After you've added a new key to Anypoint Platform, you must ensure the key also exists in your IdP. All keys present in Anypoint Platform are used to decrypt SAML 2.0 assertions sent by your IdP. However, only the primary key is used by Anypoint Platform to sign SAML 2.0 AuthnRequests and SLO requests; the primary key must be configured in your IdP to validate the signatures.

Reviewer 4: How did the reader get from purpose of key rotation and use of feature vs. manual method, to "after you've added"?
Does the key rotation feature automatically add...so this is confusing?
Or did the user add by uploading (up to three) public and private key pairs?
And then jump to ensuring/configuring "the primary key" (which key is that? Is this described in text I don't see in this PR?) in their IdP?

Reviewer 4: Note also passive voice after first sentence.

Author: ```suggestion
The keys that you create or upload to Anypoint Platform must also exist in your IdP. All keys present in Anypoint Platform can decrypt SAML 2.0 assertions sent by your IdP. However, only the primary key is used by Anypoint Platform to sign SAML 2.0 AuthnRequests and SLO requests; the primary key must be configured in your IdP to validate the signatures.
```

> If you are migrating from the default Anypoint Platform SSO certificate to a new certificate, you must update the Assertion Consumer Service (ACS) URL in your IdP. Only the new ACS URL supports the keys generated by the key rotation feature. If your ACS URL already follows the pattern of `.../accounts/login/:org-domain/providers/:providerId/receive-id`, you do not need to change the ACS URL.

Reviewer 4: What does migrating have to do with the focus of this topic, which is the TASK of using key rotation?

Reviewer 4: I think that this topic set introduction is really confusing. It sounds like there are two ways to rotate keys: either by using an Anypoint Platform feature ("Generate"?) or by uploading a PAIR (?) of keys (if a pair, which is rotated)?

The intro text should...:
   - Briefly explain key rotation and why your audience cares
   - Introduce the subtasks that describe how to perform key rotation

As peers, these five subtasks appear to be chronological:

Generate a key
Upload a key
Change the primary key
Revoke a key
Import metadata

But aren't the Generate and Upload tasks exclusive?
And doesn't changing the primary key and revoking a key refer only to the Upload task?
And isn't the topic about metadata really prerequisite to this task of rotating the key?

Reviewer 4: I don't want to go on and on about this, particularly if this info is elsewhere. 
But the organizational flow here is unclear TO ME.
Rest is just copyedited.

Author: Reorg'ed a bit.

> === Generate a Key

Reviewer 4: More precisely...:
```suggestion
=== Generate a New Key in Your SAML 2.0 IdP?
```

Author: ```suggestion
=== Generate a New Key
```

> 

Reviewer 4: If this is just one of two ways to get a key, clarify/repeat that here by naming the alternative.

> Anypoint Platform can create a key for you to use with your IdP.

Reviewer 4: Where does the Rotate Key feature come in to this? Prereq to update ACS?

. In Anypoint Platform, sign in as a user with the Organization Administrator permission.
. In *Management Center*, click *Access Management*.
. In the navigation menu on the left, click *Identity Providers*.
. Next to a SAML 2.0 IdP, click *Edit*.
. Click the *Anypoint Keys* tab.

> . Click *+ New key*, and select *Generate*. +

Reviewer 4: no comma
```suggestion
. Click *+ New key* and select *Generate*. +
```

A newly generated key appears in the list of keys.

> === Upload a Key

Reviewer 4: More precisely...:
```suggestion
=== Upload an Existing Private and Public Key Pair?
```

Author: ```suggestion
=== Upload an Existing Private and Public Key Pair
```

You can upload an existing public and private key pair.

. In Anypoint Platform, sign in as a user with the Organization Administrator permission.
. In *Management Center*, click *Access Management*.
. In the navigation menu on the left, click *Identity Providers*.
. Next to a SAML 2.0 IdP, click *Edit*.
. Click the *Anypoint Keys* tab.
. Click *+ New key*, and select *Upload*.
. In the *Private key* field, paste your private key.
. In the *Public key* field, paste your certificate.
. Click *Upload*. +

> The key you uploaded appears in the list of keys.

Reviewer 4: The KEY you uploaded... or the private-public pair or keys?
This is confusing: we introduce a PAIR of keys (private and public) and then say there can be three such pairs, which is SIX keys...and this does not even include the whole "primary" key thing.
I guess I just don't get it.

Author: The key "pair" is made of a private key and a public key, also known as a certificate. They make up one key.

=== Change the Primary Key

> Because you can store up to 3 keys, you must designate a _primary key_ to be used for signing requests from Anypoint Platform.

Reviewer 4: Okay, back to three key PAIRS, one PAIR of which must be designated as primary.
And this only applies to uploaded keys, not newly generated keys.
Generate vs. Upload
Upload one to three pairs, one of which must be primary
Make sure IdP can access (this seems like a whole separate issue/task)

Author: Key pairs create a single key. Regardless of how AP gets a key, you can mark the key as primary.

> Because you can use up to 3 keys with Anypoint Platform, you can designate a _primary key_ to be used for signature verification between the IdP and Anypoint Platform.

Reviewer 3: "Because you can store up to 3 keys, you must designate a _primary key_ to be used for signing requests from Anypoint Platform."

Author: ```suggestion
Because you can store up to 3 keys, you must designate a _primary key_ to be used for signing requests from Anypoint Platform.
```

> Before reassigning the primary key, ensure your IdP can access the key that you intend to use.

Reviewer 4: Prerequisite

. In Anypoint Platform, sign in as a user with the Organization Administrator permission.
. In *Management Center*, click *Access Management*.
. In the navigation menu on the left, click *Identity Providers*.
. Next to a SAML 2.0 IdP, click *Edit*.

> . Click the *Anypoint Keys* tab.

Reviewer 4: The same in all of these tasks?
Hmm...again, seems like there should be an org solution to this repetition.

. Next to the key that you want to make primary, click *...* and select *Use as primary key...*.
. Click *Apply*.

=== Revoke a Key

> 

Reviewer 4: Revoke vs. Rotate?
Why not simply change the Primary?
What if you only uploaded one pair of the possible three?
Are revoked keys replaced by another Upload procedure?

> As a best practice, revoke a key that you have already used as the primary key.

Reviewer 4: GLOBALLY omit language around MuleSoft recommendations and "best practice"s. Simply tell the audience what to do. It should be understood that everything we convey is our recommendation/best practice:
```suggestion
To help ensure security, revoke a key that you have already used as the primary key.
```
And replace it?

Before you revoke a key, ensure your IdP is not using the key.
Note that when you revoke a public key, Anypoint Platform also revokes the corresponding private key. For security purposes, you cannot retrieve a key that has been revoked.

. In Anypoint Platform, sign in as a user with the Organization Administrator permission.
. In *Management Center*, click *Access Management*.
. In the navigation menu on the left, click *Identity Providers*.
. Next to a SAML 2.0 IdP, click *Edit*.

> . Click the *Anypoint Keys* tab.

Reviewer 4: ditto

. Next to the key that you want to revoke, click *...* and select *Revoke*.
. Click *Revoke*.

== Import SAML Metadata

> 

Reviewer 4: Add text to tie this to the focus of this topic set, Key Rotation.
After reconstructing the topic to actually FOCUS on key rotation....

Author: Unrelated content.
